wikiman: add page (#14922)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/wikiman.md

# wikiman

> > Wikiman is an offline search engine for manual pages, Arch Wiki, Gentoo Wiki and other documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Offline search engine for documentation.
> Supports manual pages, Arch Wiki, Gentoo Wiki, FreeBSD documentation, and tldr-pages.
```

# wikiman

> Offline search engine for documentation.
> Supports manual pages, Arch Wiki, Gentoo Wiki, FreeBSD documentation, and tldr-pages.
> More information: <https://github.com/filiparag/wikiman>.

- Search for a specific topic on all install sources:

`wikiman {{search_term}}`

- Search for a topic on a specific [s]ource:

`wikiman -s {{source}} {{search_term}}`

- Search for a topic on two specific [s]ources:

`wikiman -s {{source1}},{{source2}} {{search_term}}`

- List existing [S]ources:

> `wikiman -S`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`wikiman -S`

- Display [h]elp:

`wikiman -h`
```
Since there's room for another example I think we can include a `-h` example. Either way, this PR looks good to me.

# wikiman

> Offline search engine for documentation.
> Supports manual pages, Arch Wiki, Gentoo Wiki, FreeBSD documentation, and tldr-pages.
> More information: <https://github.com/filiparag/wikiman>.

> - Search for a specific topic on all install sources:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Search for a specific topic on all installed sources:
```

> - Search for a specific topic on all install sources:
> 
> `wikiman {{search_term}}`
> 
> - Search for a topic on a specific [s]ource:
> 
> `wikiman -s {{source}} {{search_term}}`
> 
> - Search for a topic on two specific [s]ources:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Search for a specific topic in all installed sources:

`wikiman {{search_term}}`

- Search for a topic in a specific [s]ource:

`wikiman -s {{source}} {{search_term}}`

- Search for a topic in two specific [s]ources:
```

> - Search for a topic on two specific [s]ources:
> 
> `wikiman -s {{source1}},{{source2}} {{search_term}}`

Reviewer: Can it be more than two?

```suggestion
- Search for a topic on two or more specific [s]ources:

`wikiman -s {{source1,source2,...}} {{search_term}}`
```
